Update permissions-reference.md (#15318)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/permissions-reference.md

| _IdentityRiskEvent.Read.All_ |   Read identity risk event information  | Allows the app to read identity risk event information for all users in your organization on behalf of the signed-in user. | Yes | No |
| _IdentityRiskyUser.Read.All_ |   Read identity user risk  information  | Allows the app to read identity user risk information for all users in your organization on behalf of the signed-in user. | Yes | No |
| _IdentityRiskyUser.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and update identity user risk  information  | Allows the app to read and update identity user risk information for all users in your organization on behalf of the signed-in user. | Yes | No |

> | _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.Read.All_ |   Read identity service principal risk  information  | Allows the app to read identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes | No |
> | _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and update identity service principal risk  information  | Allows the app to read and update identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes | No |

Reviewer: Updating descriptions to match that's displayed in the Azure portal.
```suggestion
| _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.Read.All_ |   Read all identity risky service principal information  | Allows the app to read all identity risky service principal information for your organization, on behalf of the signed-in user. | Yes | No |
| _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and write all identity risky service principal information  | Allows the app to read and update identity risky service principal information for all service principals in your organization, on behalf of the signed-in user. Update operations include dismissing risky service principals. | Yes | No |
```

| _IdentityRiskEvent.Read.All_ |   Read identity risk event information | Allows the app to read identity risk event information for all users in your organization without a signed-in user. | Yes |
| _IdentityRiskyUser.Read.All_ |   Read identity user risk  information | Allows the app to read identity user risk information for all users in your organization without a signed-in user. | Yes |
| _IdentityRiskyUser.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and update identity user risk  information | Allows the app to read and update identity user risk information for all users in your organization without a signed-in user. | Yes |

> | _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.Read.All_ |   Read identity service principal risk  information  | Allows the app to read identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes | No |
> | _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and update identity service principal risk  information  | Allows the app to read and update identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes | No |

Reviewer: Removing the extra columns to resolve the `column-header-missing` validation error.
```suggestion
| _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.Read.All_ |   Read identity service principal risk information  | Allows the app to read identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes |
| _IdentityRiskyServicePrincipal.ReadWrite.All_ |   Read and update identity service principal risk  information  | Allows the app to read and update identity service principal risk information for all service principals in your organization on behalf of the signed-in account. | Yes |
```
